{"stickied":false,"link_id":"t3_uz39","subreddit_id":"t5_6","body":"A policeman specialized in the situated search of Internet to the limits of the law incappa in website skillfully protect that he seems to push itself beyond the limits: young women come made to fatten until monstrous levels, carrying them to one be in which it becomes for they impossible to move from the bed, and come filmate knots for the pleasure of the lovers of this particular type of sexual perversion. But the manager of the situated one reveals its nature of serial killer when he pushes the game beyond every lawful limit, forcing the \"victims\" to fatten to excess and accepting bets on-linens on the exact moment of their dead women. The agent, by now upsotten and morbosamente attracted from how much sees, becomes obsessed from the capture of the killer until disobbedire to its advanced ones and alone continuing surveyings that will carry it to... Brett Leonard is not author whom it has made urlare to the miracle with its previous tests (the uncertain, ambitious and farraginoso Tagliaerbe and the prescindibile Man-Thing, as an example) and confirmation leaves of the negative impressions in this Feed that more remains however its succeeded work. The style videoclipparo of the director, joined to the photography end too much cleaned up of a Steve Arnold in optimal shape strange contrast with the topic of the force-feeding and the exploitation supplies one on the obese women. The director capitalizes on some special effects of ipnotica morbidity and turns with a reduced budget a good part begins them and an effective end, getting lost but in a scenario that banalizes some figures (the investigator obsessed from its job, the traumatic origin of the fixations of the killer..) and that it does not succeed to manage the part centers them of the search and surveying (lead through compulsory steps and deus former machina of every type). Feed aimed too much up in order not to fall rovinosamente at times, species when it stretches to a social sottotesto made of easy slogan (consumption is evolution) and insipid critics to the consumismo that nutre of if same. The lungometraggio succeeds instead much good when sconfina in the territories of the scopofilia and puts the spectator of forehead to some visions not easy digestion (not pun intended), pushing to us once more to speculating on which it is the commonly accettato/accettabile border for \"the monstrous\" term applied to the human body. Good musics and optimal use of the tone color in some scenes, recitazione too much urlata and muscular (Patrick Thompson) or evangelizzante straniante and excessive (Alex O' Loughlin) for a film that is however interesting vision in the sea magnum often boring of the escapes in dvd. Not for all the palates.","controversiality":0,"created_utc":1166295284,"author_flair_css_class":null,"score":1,"ups":1,"subreddit":"reddit.com","edited":false,"parent_id":"t3_uz39","id":"cv1l4","author_flair_text":null,"author":"south_beach_nerd","retrieved_on":1473808709,"distinguished":null,"gilded":0,"timestamp_epoch":1566236770,"message_id":"32626-0fe77543-16a1-43e7-98c8-3deff8f3f12e-1566236770"}