{"score":2,"ups":2,"created_utc":1166488439,"author_flair_css_class":null,"subreddit":"reddit.com","subreddit_id":"t5_6","stickied":false,"link_id":"t3_v6h2","controversiality":0,"body":"I think Jarlsberg is right here.  We have no evidence of life after death that science could accept, and since the only way to do an experiment is to *die* nobody can go on a fact finding mission and return to give us the details.  Nor can one attach any kind of sensor to a person that would detect what occurs to their consciousness after they die.  The only evidence we have are accounts from people who have had near death experiences, and skeptics always behave the same way with respect to those stories, which is either to discount them as anecdotal, discount them as related to brain chemistry (despite the science behind that account being very weak), or ignore them as they do not fit into their preconceived notions about the nature of reality.  \r\n\r\nLife after death and the nature of consciousness are both very closely related, and are at their root inevitably philosophical questions and not scientific ones.  With life after death being something that science simply cannot weigh in on, and inasmuch as science also does not have an answer to the question of the nature of consciousness, you have two gargantuan holes.  Anyone who wants to both believe that their views are based not on speculation but scientific understanding, and wants to be honest with themselves would not hold a determinate position on the question of life after death as there is no scientific answer at this time.  Any position one holds either for or against that view requires some kind of faith and is speculative.  You are working from a position of assuming naturalism, reductionism, or some other kind of related view is true and then arguing from that presumption into domains where science doesn't actually have an answer.\r\n\r\nAs for myself, I have my reasons for believing in an afterlife, but they are due to two things.  First I have had a number of experiences that are outside the scope of a naturalistic explanation.  I have had my own very clear experiences of clairvoyance, premonitions, and other things that are not possibly accounted for by a naturalistic explanation.  While skeptics have suggested temporal lobe seizures and other goofy things, no account offered so far could account for repeatedly writing or memorizing a description of an unusual event based on a vision and then seeing it come to pass precisely as described.  Outside those types of experience, I have had several instances where I have seen phenomenon that I cannot account for satisfactorily with pure naturalistic means.  As one example, I have seen a very long snake enter a Buddhist temple, approach the altar, rear up, bow to the altar, and then leave, which in simply inexplicable in terms of typical animal behavior.  I have also experienced a few other things that I prefer to not go into, but which also are not things that naturalistic explanations can account for.  In addition there are a number of accounts in Tibetan Buddhism that offer very compelling reasons to believe in reincarnation such as the way that many Lamas are rediscovered after they die, and there are similar accounts in some other Buddhist cultures such as the S.E. Asian Theravadins.  So while I don't really care what you or anyone else thinks, for myself I cannot accept naturalism since it can not account for what I have experienced, and the only accounts that I think are satisfactory are based on accepting that there is a spiritual dimension to life which includes the idea of life after death.\r\n\r\nSecondly, beyond my experiences which preclude the possibility of me being a naturalist, a materialist, a reductionist, a believer in scientism, or an atheist, while those are the dominant modes of philosophical views for educated Westerners, I do not think that naturalism or its kin are philosophically tenable positions.  The problems with those views philosophically are as significant to me as my experiences, though accounting for these issues is a separate and much more complicated story.","distinguished":null,"retrieved_on":1473808877,"gilded":0,"edited":false,"parent_id":"t1_cva8z","id":"cvag7","author_flair_text":null,"author":"[deleted]","timestamp_epoch":1566236772,"message_id":"37195-3ab6639d-1ace-491c-9915-a4a5b3b6a461-1566236772"}