{"created_utc":1166036743,"author_flair_css_class":null,"score":3,"ups":3,"subreddit":"reddit.com","stickied":false,"link_id":"t3_une1","subreddit_id":"t5_6","body":"WRT the question of religion causing sorrow, you can understand it better in context.  I would suggest you read the link I supplied above to see that context.  It's really quite short and should help you see that your other claim about social justice/economics is not true.  \"The criticism of religion ends with the teaching that man is the highest being for man, hence with the categorical imperative to overthrow all relations in which man is a debased, enslaved forsaken, despicable being...Thus the criticism of heaven turns into the criticism of the earth, the criticism of religion into the criticism of law and the criticism of theology into the criticism of politics...\"  If you try to really understand Marx you will see that it really was because of his atheism that he espoused his political ideology, his views were founded on and based on an atheistic view.  If he was a theist he would not have had his political or economic views.  The Marxist attacks on religious institutions and the murder of religious members are based on Marx' atheistic views - those holding religious views were viewed as the enemy because they held what were regarded as false and dangerous views.  Some atheists try to pretend that it is because religious organizations had some political sway that caused their oppression.  That was a contributing factor, but it was not the only reason.  In the case of the Maoists in China, they explicitly murdered Taoists because they were religious not because they posed any political threat (they were no threat).  Much the same is true of their slaughter of Buddhists.  In that case they also had some political swing, but their power was minimal and some sects that had no political authority at all were oppressed as violently as those who did.\r\n\r\nAs for atheists causing less damage than religious people, I'd recommend you find a copy of the 20th Century Book of the Dead at a library or wherever you can.  You will find that deaths caused at the hands of Marxists far outweigh those caused by all religious conflicts combined.  Just as most (though not all) deaths caused by Marxists were really politically motivated, so too with religion will you find that most conflicts were caused by political issues, and religion was just a convenient excuse.","controversiality":0,"retrieved_on":1473808468,"distinguished":null,"gilded":0,"edited":false,"id":"cuor0","parent_id":"t1_cuom2","author":"Jarlsberg","author_flair_text":null,"timestamp_epoch":1566236767,"message_id":"26731-ad072a11-7d39-4f16-87d8-2253b46b9dfd-1566236767"}